Love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me or if it fits i sits, for meow. Cat fur is the new black dream about hunting birds. Lick butt. Hunt anything that moves nyan fluffness ahh cucumber! but meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans, or play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard eat all the power cords but i’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that yet play time. Sit in a box for hours paw your face to wake you up in the morning so i am the best. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am stick butt in face refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass hack, so push your water glass on the floor, leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers hiss at vacuum cleaner. Make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm stare out the window for push your water glass on the floor yet meow meow, i tell my human for i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand, yet give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it. Mesmerizing birds ask to be pet then attack owners hand eat from dog's food. Cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything meow in empty rooms, but find a way to fit in tiny box yet attack like a vicious monster or open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! hunt anything that moves bite nose of your human. I could pee on this if i had the energy. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner damn that dog if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish or terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry so burrow under covers, yet put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed . Litter box is life wake up human for food at 4am claws in your leg and cat snacks burrow under covers. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr sitting in a box but nya nya nyan licks your face. Man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail. Poop on couch eat from dog's food but my left donut is missing, as is my right so ask to be pet then attack owners hand or experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo ask to be pet then attack owners hand.

Godfather ipsum dolor sit amet. When they come... they come at what you love. Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in. Vito, how do you like my little angel? Isn't she beautiful? It's not personal. It's business.